feat(azure-blob-storage): Add oauth authentiation to connector (#7280)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/azure-blob-storage.md

- An Azure [storage account](https://portal.azure.com/#browse/Microsoft.Storage%2FStorageAccounts)
- An Azure [container](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blobs-introduction#containers)

## Authentication

### Create a new connector secret

Keep your secrets secure by avoiding direct inclusion in the BPMN `xml` file. Instead, create a secret:

1. Follow our [guide for creating secrets](/components/console/manage-clusters/manage-secrets.md).

> 2. Name your secrets (e.g., `AZURE_SAS_TOKEN`) so you can reference them later in the connector configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Name your secrets (for example, `AZURE_SAS_TOKEN`) so you can reference them later in the connector configuration.
```
